So, now let's build our LDA model.
The idea is the following;
We'll have our documents here,
let's say these three documents,
and then we'll generate some fake documents,
like this three over here.
The way we generate them is with the topic model,
and then what we do is we compare the generated documents with the real ones.
This will tell us how far we are from creating the real documents with our model.
Like in most Machine Learning algorithms,
we learned from these error and we'll be able to improve her topic model.
This is what we'll do, in the paper the topic model is drawn like this,
this looks complicated but we'll analyze this in the next few videos